develop: add non-transactional delete (#9878)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-delete-data.md

- Use [bulk-delete](#bulk-delete) when you delete a large number of rows (for example, more than ten thousand), because TiDB limits the size of a single transaction ([txn-total-size-limit](/tidb-configuration-file.md#txn-total-size-limit), 100 MB by default).
- If you delete all the data in a table, do not use the `DELETE` statement. Instead, use the [`TRUNCATE`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-truncate.md) statement.
- For performance considerations, see [Performance Considerations](#performance-considerations).

> - If your delete statement do not need transactional, you can use [Non-Transactional Bulk-delete](#non-transactional-bulk-delete) to improve performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your delete statements do not need to be transactional, you can use [Non-Transactional Bulk-delete](#non-transactional-bulk-delete) to improve performance.
```

> - In scenarios where large batches of data need to be deleted, [Non-Transactional Bulk-delete](#non-transactional-bulk-delete) can significantly improve performance. However, in contrast, this will lose the transactional of the deletion and therefore ***CANNOT*** be rollback, so make sure you select the correct operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- In scenarios where large batches of data need to be deleted, [Non-Transactional Bulk-delete](#non-transactional-bulk-delete) can significantly improve performance. However, this will lose the transactional of the deletion and therefore ***CANNOT*** be rollback. Make sure that you select the correct operation.
```

</div>

</SimpleTab>

> ## Non-Transactional Bulk-delete

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Non-Transactional bulk-delete
```

> **Note:**
>
> TiDB supports the [Non-Transactional DML Statements](/non-transactional-dml.md) feature starting with `v6.1.0`. This feature is not available on lower versions.

> ### Prerequisites of Non-Transactional Bulk-delete

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Prerequisites of non-transactional bulk-delete
```

> Please ***carefully*** read the [Non-Transactional DML Statements](/non-transactional-dml.md) first. It enhances the performance and ease of use in batch data processing at the expense of transactional atomicity and isolation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before using the non-transactional bulk-delete, make sure you have read the [Non-Transactional DML Statements](/non-transactional-dml.md) first. The non-transactional bulk-delete enhances the performance and ease of use in batch data processing at the expense of transactional atomicity and isolation.
```

> Therefore, extreme care is required during use. Otherwise, the non-transactional feature of the operation can lead to serious consequences (e.g., data loss) in case of mishandling.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Therefore, you should use it carefully. Otherwise, the non-transactional feature of the operation might cause serious consequences (such as data loss) due to mishandling.
```
[Google Developer Style: Don't use `e.g.`, use `for example` or `such as` instead](https://developers.google.com/style/word-list?hl=en#:~:text=to%20EAD.-,e.g.,.%20Too%20many%20people%20mix%20up%20e.g.%20and%20i.e.,-egress)

> ### SQL syntax of Non-Transactional Bulk-delete

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### SQL syntax of a non-transactional bulk-delete
```

The non-transactional bulk-delete statement is generally in the following form:

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
BATCH ON {dividing_column} LIMIT {batch_size} {delete_statement};
```

| Parameter Name | Description |
| :--------: | :------------: |
| `{dividing_column}`  |      The column used to divide batches.      |
| `{batch_size}` | Used to control the size of each batch. |

> | `{delete_statement}` | Delete statement. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `{delete_statement}` | The `DELETE` statement. |
```

This example only shows a simple use case of non-transactional bulk-delete statement. For detailed information, see [Non-Transactional DML Statements](/non-transactional-dml.md).

> ### Example of Non-Transactional Bulk-delete

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Example of non-transactional bulk-delete
```

</div>

</SimpleTab>

> ## Non-Transactional bulk-delete

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Non-transactional bulk-delete
```

> **Note:**
>

> > Since v6.1.0, TiDB supports the [Non-Transactional DML statements](/non-transactional-dml.md). This feature is not available for versions earlier than TiDB v6.1.0.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> Since v6.1.0, TiDB supports the [non-transactional DML statements](/non-transactional-dml.md). This feature is not available for versions earlier than TiDB v6.1.0.
```

### Prerequisites of non-transactional bulk-delete

Before using the non-transactional bulk-delete, make sure you have read the [Non-Transactional DML statements documentation](/non-transactional-dml.md) first. The non-transactional bulk-delete improves the performance and ease of use in batch data processing scenarios but compromises transactional atomicity and isolation.

Therefore, you should use it carefully to avoid serious consequences (such as data loss) due to mishandling.

### SQL syntax for non-transactional bulk-delete

The SQL syntax for non-transactional bulk-delete statement is as follows:

```sql

> BATCH ON {dividing_column} LIMIT {batch_size} {delete_statement};

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
BATCH ON {shard_column} LIMIT {batch_size} {delete_statement};
```

```

| Parameter Name | Description |
| :--------: | :------------: |

> | `{shard_column}` | The column used to divide batches.      |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `{dividing_column}` | The column used to divide batches.      |
```

| `{batch_size}`   | Control the size of each batch. |
| `{delete_statement}` | The `DELETE` statement. |

> The preceding example only shows a simple use case of a non-transactional bulk-delete statement. For detailed information, see [Non-Transactional DML statements](/non-transactional-dml.md).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The preceding example only shows a simple use case of a non-transactional bulk-delete statement. For detailed information, see [Non-Transactional DML Statements](/non-transactional-dml.md).
```
